hi John again today I'm going to copy
another simple dish and I'm going to do
a big fish in spicy sauce with mixed
vegetables today i have for two slices
of head up philly you can use any other
fish you want salmon Cod or any fish you
like and here i have about two cups of
frozen vegetables you can use any type
of frozen vegetables just defrosted and
just mix it with some a lil bit of olive
oil and salt and pepper and for these
two slices of fish fillet I've already
marinated slightly with salt and pepper
and here i have about 3 tablespoon of
mayonnaise and a 1 teaspoon of the win
emmys chili sauce which they call it the
sri racha spicy sauce chili sauce you
can find it in a lot of a Vietnamese
restaurant if you don't have this kind
of a hot sauce and use any kind of hot
sauce you like just adjust it to your
spiciness and here i have about a
teaspoon of parmesan grated Parmesan
cheese this all the ingredients you'll
be needing for the nice dish i have to
hit admire frying pan with a little bit
of cooking oil i'm going to put in the
fish and try this here the both side of
the fish but
now I appreciate both sigh or fish so
I'm going to get out from the pan
now here I've already aligned it up a
baking pan with some tin foil I'm going
to put the fish in the middle of the
scene fall and then I'm could put the
vegetables on the side
and here I'm going to mix the 3 tbsp not
for mayonnaise with the one teaspoon of
the Sri Racha chili sauce and just
spread this sauce on top of the fish and
then just stick it in a toaster oven or
your oven to bake it at 400 degrees
fahrenheit for about 50 minutes now i
have already preheated my toaster oven
i'm going to put it in and just bake it
for about 15 minutes now it's after 15
minutes i'm going to go to fish and then
we'll sprinkle some Parmesan cheese on
top of the fish and vegetables
and just stick it back to the toaster
oven let it turn it to boil until the
top of the fish is golden brown just
keep an eye on it it would take normally
a couple of minutes hi now after about
three minutes see the top of the fish is
turn golden brown and it's ready to be
soft as I said let's make it simple
there's a simple dish try it out thanks
for watching
you